1326925977
Dog	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/homework/week4/dog_class.rb	class Dog
Dog	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/homework/week4/dog_class2.rb	class Dog
Rectangle	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/homework/week4/rectangle_class.rb	class Rectangle
SENTINAL	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/homework/week3/exercise6.rb	SENTINAL =
Test	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/class_exercises/week3/symbols.rb	class Test 
a_year_remembered	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/homework/week4/deaf_grandma2.rb	def a_year_remembered
area	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/homework/week4/rectangle_class.rb	  attr_reader :area, :perimeter
bark	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/homework/week4/dog_class.rb	  def bark
calculate_sum	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/homework/week3/exercise10.rb	def calculate_sum(collection)
called	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/homework/week4/dog_class.rb	  Write a class called 
chase_cat	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/homework/week4/dog_class.rb	  def chase_cat
deaf_grandma	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/homework/week3/exercise6.rb	def deaf_grandma
deaf_grandma	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/homework/week4/deaf_grandma2.rb	def deaf_grandma(sentinal = 'BYE')
eat	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/homework/week4/dog_class.rb	  def eat
even_or_odd	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/homework/week3/exercise11.rb	def even_or_odd(number)
get_justification	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/homework/week2/string_processing_challenge.rb	def get_justification(string)
get_output	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/homework/week3/fizzbuzz_ex.rb	def get_output(num)
initialize	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/homework/week4/dog_class.rb	  def initialize(name)
initialize	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/homework/week4/dog_class2.rb	  def initialize(name)
initialize	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/homework/week4/rectangle_class.rb	  def initialize(length, width)
leap_year?	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/homework/week2/leap_year.rb	def leap_year?(year)
method	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/homework/week3/exercise1.rb	def method
min_in_year	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/homework/week2/leap_year.rb	def min_in_year(year)
mtdarry	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/class_exercises/week3/p018arrays.rb	def mtdarry  
name	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/homework/week4/dog_class2.rb	  attr_accessor :name, :trick
perimeter	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/homework/week4/rectangle_class.rb	  attr_reader :area, :perimeter
prompt	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/homework/week2/prompt.rb	def prompt(prompt)
reverse_string	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/homework/week3/exercise9.rb	def reverse_string(string)
teach_trick	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/homework/week4/dog_class2.rb	  def teach_trick(trick_name, trick)
test	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/class_exercises/week3/symbols.rb	  def test  
trick	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/homework/week4/dog_class2.rb	  attr_accessor :name, :trick
year	/Users/nataliamurashev/Dropbox/LearningRuby/rubylearningcourse/homework/week3/exercise6.rb	def year
